to show you how walk through it all is
it everything wrong but you know what
we're alive reading on the Colonia but
that's not enough we're heading off a
cliff will you be happy then just finish
off filming it is a beautiful day in
Tompkins Square Park here in the East
Village again we got field hockey going
on behind us
we got bourbon we got a Jude Christian
to us and we Chris Hedges
and then usually Mississippi have a nice
day that was interesting which is what
just happen crazy old man being crazy
what's it look at people are talking
crap about you Fred whoa I know you're
gonna have to go beat them up yeah
[Music]
it's Craig its Rina it's been so long
and I'm meeting Craig's are printed what
is your name Dave Dave Dave Dave how
exciting how exciting for him you'd like
mini - I love it are you in are calling
a caption
please
my cry
ah
Oh
there ain't nothing we can't overcome
you can actually hear probably not be
able do an ollie very step on it
[Music]
with the backpack on two extra points
you're getting there kid no I can't even
it was real homey it's so peaceful
it's so peaceful gonna sum something for
breads channel sorry you dropped out of
college and so I'm originally from
Dallas Texas and I went to school for
electrical engineering and computer
science I was a math science geek in
high school um and so I always have been
creative I played in a band I played
electric guitar for over 10 years and so
that was always my creative side and so
I was like Noah I need to do the
responsible thing I need to go to
college because I need to get a real job
I started really pouring into video a
lot and then when those two worlds
collided and I started getting jobs in
video I was like you know it's pouring
into my youtube channel I still only at
about 3,000 subscribers but I you know I
just said I can do this so that was like
a year ago you were three times over
your little over here 3,000 - not like
178,000 yeah yeah and it's just a year
how far you can go exactly exactly
epic day just got home
gettin stuff done that I want to talk
about something why I don't talk about
something politics every single day
there seems like there is something
absolutely terrible that happens whether
it's here in the US there are terrible
things happening overseas and my heart
like I'm sure everyone else just aches
absolutely aches for for the things that
are happening and the people that are
going through it whether it's kids who
are getting poisoned by like chemical
weapons or if it's just hate crimes
anything it's ah you know I mean it's
just terrible and there's so many people
I think in this world who so eloquently
speak about these things in a way that
tackles the issues and it raises
awareness and they can effectively
communicate these ideas and plots in a
effective productive way on the other
side there are so many people who use
speech in a way online that all it does
is alienate people maybe you have a
different opinion on something
and so you voice that opinion someone
doesn't agree with you that person is
instantly alienated and because it was
said in a way their mind is completely
closed off to any idea that you would
try to communicate oftentimes I just
don't want to be kind of another
misinformed internet or shouting my
opinion into the void that is the
Internet I have my own opinions I have
my own thoughts and I found the most
effective way to communicate those and
have effective conversations is within
my inner circle of family and friends
it's amazing just the different
perspectives that I've been able to
listen to I think listening is such an
important part of developing you know
empathy towards different people in
different situations and that's when you
learn a lot and you allow your
opinions and perspectives to change but
it's not a rant about that my point and
this is what I know I can do I have the
power to inspire creativity into
people's lives around the world me
making videos on the Internet allows me
to share the hope and positivity that
surrounds creativity to the entire world
I mean that blows our mind sometimes the
people that I'm able to reach if I make
a video that puts a smile on your face
if I make a video that teaches you and
enables you to continue your craft in
the photo/video tech world and makes you
more capable to tell your own stories if
I make a video that just inspires you a
little bit to get up the next day and
work as hard as you can busting your
butt towards what you want to do in life
or if it just inspires you to get
freakin up in the morning the next day I
have done my job
I share my ideas I share my thoughts
best through video format and that's why
I'm so excited about you know recently I
went on a trip to Cuba it is the most
beautiful country it is the most corrupt
country and hopefully I can communicate
that through the creativity of the
people the people there in Cuba amazing
like there is so much love there's so
much just colourfulness um but that
that's what I can do is I can show the
creativity of the people I can show what
they're doing to make it in Cuba because
it is the people of Cuba that is going
to change that country around it's the
creative geniuses there that are
focusing on positivity and that are
focusing on what is to come but is going
to change that country and and it's such
an inspiring story that I get to share
via I'm making a judgement about it so
if you didn't watch the like hour and a
half's livestream that I did the other
day and that was kind of my announcement
that that all the footage that I capture
in Cuba is going to be made into like
this 40 50 minute documentary which it
scares me because it's something new for
me but it is also insanely excite
I don't know why I had the amazing
privilege and blessing of growing up in
the burbs of Dallas Texas and having a
roof over my head and having food on the
table always so hopefully at the end of
the day I can live a life that is
encouraging to you wherever you are and
I can still be aware of what's what's
going on also a little bit of good news
I have about half of the lost footage
this was something I was most concerned
about just my creative spaces oh there's
only one and there but I got all my
vlogs back basically restoring 4
terabytes of footage is becoming quite
the task I'm kind of halfway there I
still have a ways to go I just have to
restart the process because like one of
the drives just pooped out halfway but
we're getting there let you know when
all of my files are back cross your
fingers guys cross your fingers but
thank you so much for hanging out with
me if you're new around here hi I'm Sara
Ichiro's with peachy a come apart of the
peachy can hit that subscribe button
down below
okay let me know if you like this video
subscribe you guys Rock until next time
new videos Monday to Friday at 8 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time I'll see you the
next one stay peachy okay bye
you
then can we there even
Oh